1. FYI - Spring Cloud Netflix Ribbon - Deprecated
This is for your information only.

Earlier Spring was providing Spring Cloud Netflix Ribbon to achieve client side load balancing but now its been deprecated and Spring Cloud Load Balancer is being used.

Always go with the latest option available in market.

2. FYI - Zuul API Gateway - Deprecated
This is for your information only.

Earlier Spring was providing Zuul API Gateway but now its been deprecated and Spring Cloud API Gateway is being used.

3. Always go with the latest option available in market.

Troubleshooting Issue
If you face error like "java.net.UnknownHostException: failed to resolve...." then add below property in your student and address microservices.

eureka.instance.hostname=localhost

4. Circuit breaker is not used in some cases like payment 

5. FYI - Spring Cloud Hystrix - Deprecated
This is for your information only.

Earlier Spring was providing Spring Cloud Hystrix but now its been deprecated and Resilience4j is being used.

Always go with the latest option available in market.

6. Slueth and Zipkin
	Slueth - Distributed tracing (service-name, traceId, spanId) : Traced ID is unique per request across all services and Span ID is uniqure per request in same service
	Zipkin - Is UI tool (Graphical way) to check distrubted tracing

7. Config server : application.properties or environment profiles files will be maintained at git/.svn and if any changes in configuration or region we can do it SVN so wiithout deployment changes sould be fetched 
					and these type of changes should be in config server because there is no code change then why to re deploy
					In short - Centralized properties
	Microservice properties file name should be bootstrap.properties
	
	How to read updated value from properties file without restarting microservices : Add actuator depenedancy , add refresh end point in bootstrap.properties
	and add @RefreshScope at controller & call microservices end point with actuator/referesh (Post call) and it will show changed values